
## Template Repositories

https://github.com/sudara/pamplejuce JUCE, CMAKE, Catch2 on GitHub Actions
https://github.com/eyalamirmusic/JUCECmakeRepoPrototype JUCE6 and CMake plugin and app templates
https://github.com/maxwellpollack/juce-plugin-ci Cross-platform CI for JUCE audio plugins with Github Actions


## Collections & Libraries

https://github.com/benthevining/Lemons Collection of modules that build on top of JUCE
https://github.com/FigBug/Gin Massive collection of extras, including StackBlur, Websockets, Maps, etc
https://github.com/kushview/kv-modules Kush View's module collection
https://github.com/SquarePine/squarepine_core Analytics, Easing functions, metering


## Synths

https://github.com/mtytel/vital Matt Tytel's Vital, great for learning and exploring
https://github.com/surge-synthesizer/surge Active open source rebuild of the popular classic
https://github.com/mohragk/VermeerMonosynth-1 Monosynth VST on JUCE 5
https://github.com/Emmet-Hayes/BatSynth 2 oscillators with 13 wave shapes
https://github.com/Chowdhury-DSP/ChowKick Kick synthesizer based on old-school drum machine circuits
https://github.com/monocasual/giada Your Hardcore Loop Machine

## Effects & Metering

https://github.com/jatinchowdhury18/AnalogTapeModel Physical Modeling for Analog Tape Machines
https://github.com/Chowdhury-DSP/ChowMatrix Inifinitely growable tree of delay lines
https://github.com/ffAudio/Frequalizer Equalizer using JUCE's dsp module
https://github.com/ffAudio/ff_meters LED meters for JUCE audio buffers

## JUCE Tooling & Debugging

https://github.com/ffAudio/foleys_gui_magic WYSWYG plugin editor letting you create JUCE GUIs without coding
https://github.com/jcredland/juce-toys LLDB helpers. Comoponent, buffer and value tree debuggers and more
https://github.com/sudara/melatonin_inspector Poke around and visually inspect your JUCE components
https://github.com/sudara/melatonin_audio_sparklines Display audio as ASCII waveforms on the console and in tests


## Networking

https://github.com/adamski/RestRequest JUCE module for making HTTP requests to REST APIs


## Graphics & Video

https://github.com/parawave/vulkan-cpp-library Windows 10 Vulkan support for JUCE 6
https://github.com/ffAudio/foleys_video_engine A video engine to load, play, assemble and write video

## Testing

https://github.com/sudara/melatonin_audio_block_test_helpers Catch2 matchers for AudioBlocks
https://github.com/Sinecure-Audio/TestsTalk Catch2 Examples from ADC 2020 talk


## DAW

https://github.com/Tracktion/tracktion_engine The one, the only, the engine that JUCE was extracted from. 


## Educational

https://github.com/tobanteAudio/juce-cookbook/blob/master/chapters/testing/unit_test.md JUCE Cookbook
https://github.com/TheAudioProgrammer/juceSynthFramework Learn how to build a synth with Josh
https://github.com/jatinchowdhury18/plugin-ci-example JUCE plugin CI examples for Gitlab, GitHub, Azure

## Misc

https://github.com/spotify/pedalboard A Python library / host for manipulating audio 